/// discourse interface


1. choice from the sets of JSON files available in the project directory
or create a new discourse space.

2. if you create a new one, choose the discourse spaces name

3. in the general discourse area there are a couple of "planes" which have different forms of interaction.
Upon entering, the user isn't in either one, so the buttons on the left hand need to be used to navigate between
either the "geist plane" or the "relations plane".

4. the "geist plane" is the plane of input, which allows you to store quotes and responses, and generally
other types of textual discourse. Immediately upon clicking, a text box will immediately pop up, but one
can press the escape button to cancel out of the text box. Otherwise just click anywhere else and the text input
box will appear at that chosen location.

5. As for right now, the input types are divided by a different prefix: "r" for response, "q" for quote, and
everything else being counted as "other". As for quotes, bibliographic information is taken, but in really
stringent method that is expected at the end of the quote and is written in the text input explanation.

6. the "relations plane" can be used to see and log relations among the various discourse text elements. In order
to log a connection, click within one text box then click within another. A connection between the two closest
corners should be visualized from there.

7. scrolling vertically can be achieved by mouseWheel or touchpad. 

8. currently there is no editing process for text boxes which have been made in error, outside of editing the
JSON file itself. Also, there isn't a way to navigate back to the opening pages outside of restarting the
sketch, but that isn't so huge of a thing that it needs to be solved immediately in case of switching to
other tools for presentation.

9. The discourse elements and sets of relations among the elements are saved separately as JSON files in
the project directory, which can have the additional use of analysis where applicable, though combining
everything into one aggregated JSON structure is of interest. 

10. connectivity so that multiple users can interactively and simultaneously use the tool has not been
broached, though research is being done into the existence of tools / models which already achieve that
style of connection.